## CrosswordFomation

You're a crossword fanatic, and have finally decided to try and creat your own. However, you also love symmetry and good design, so you come up with a set of rules they should flollow:

- the crossword must contain exactly four words;
- these four words should from four pairwise insertions;
- all words must be written either left-to-right of top-to-bottom;
- the area of the area of the rectange lormed by empty cells inside the intersections isn't equal to zero.

Given 4 words, find the number of ways to make a crossword following the above-described rules. Note that two crosswords which  differ by rotation are considered different.

### enr0cks

Forgot the 4th rule - has to have a non-zero square in the middle. That ate up a lo of time - reat through my code multiple times. All hidden past with first submit.

Managed with giving it 24 permutation and 6 nested loops with constrains ans "continues"s, to not go deeper whtn the previews match fails. Happy with mine :)

### brandonsalazar

For anyone running up agains execution time limits on test 12 and working in a String is different from
an array of charachtrs, try to converting input into an array of an array of characters. String operation are expensive.

## Solution of CrosswordFormaion

### Number of elements.

A crossword created by reactangle where each site is a word. There are for sides

 - **top** `t = words[0]` direction left-to-right
 - **right** `r = words[1]` direction top-to-bottom
 - **bottom** `b = words[2]` direction left-to-right
 - **left** `l = words[3]` direciton top-to-bottom

 This construction allows 24 ways to order the words. this is the first loop to test: **24 permutaion** of words order 

 A crossword reactngle have 4 conters and 4 intersection points.

 - **top_right** `tr`
 - **right_bottom** `rb`
 - **bottom_left** `bl`
 - **left_top** `lt`

 Each intersection point descirbed by 2 characters indexes:

 - **top_right**: **top_top_right** `ttr` and **right_top_right** `rtr`
 - **right_bottom**: **right_right_bottom** `rrb` and **bottom_right_bottom** `brb`
 - **bottom_left**: **bottom_bottom_left** `bbl` and **left_bottom_left** `lbl`
 - **left_top**: **left_left_top** `llt` and **top_left_top** `tlt`

 #### Loops

 - 1. iterate throght 24 permutation of word order
 - 2. define `ttr` index. Index range `[2..-1]`, start from two to give place for **left_top** intersection and one cell space.
 - 3. define `rtr` index. Index range `[0..-3]`, give 2 cells for **bottom_left** and one cell for space. check `t[ttr] == r[rtr]`
 - 4. define `rrb` index. Index range `[rtr+2..-1]`, give 1 cell space after **top_right** intersection. Here define a `vertial_delta = rrb - rtr`
 - 5. define `brb`. Index range `[2..-1]`, and check `r[rrb] == b[rbr]`
