# [befunge93](https://app.codesignal.com/arcade/code-arcade/secret-archives/W59RqZTbGo2vwNSsc)

While exploring the ruins of a golden lost city, you discovered an ancient manuscript containing series of strange symbols. Thanks to you profound knowlges of dead languages, you realized that the text was written in one of the dialects of Befunge-93. Looks like the prophecy was true: you are the one who can find the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life! Of cource you brought your futuristic laptop with you, so now you just need a function that will run the encrypted message and meke you the all-knowing human being.

Befunce-93 is a stack based programmin language, the progrmas for which are arranged in two-dimensional torus grid. The program execution sequence starts at the top left corner and proceeds to the right unit untill the first direction insturction is met (which can appear in the very first cell). The torus adjective means that the program never leaves the grid; when it encounters a border, it simply goes to the next command at the opposite side of the grid.

You need to write a funtion that will be able to execute the given Befunge-93 `program`. Unfortunately your laptop, futuristic that it is, can't handle more than `10**5` instructions and will prbably catch on fire if you try to execute more, sothe function syould exing after `10**5` commands. The good news is, the prpphesy saind that athe answer to the Ultimate Question of Life contains no mroe than `100` symbols, so the function shuld retun the `program` output oone is contains `100` symbols.

The dialect of Befunge-93 is the manuscipt consists of the following commands:

- direction instructions:
    - `>`: start moving right
    - `<`: start moving left
    - `v`: start moving down
    - `^`: start moving up
    - `#`: brides; skip next cell.
- conditional instructions:
    - `_`: pop a `value`; move right if `value = 0`, left otherwice
    - `|`: pop a `value`; move down if `vaule = 0`, up otherwice
- math operations:
    - `+`: addition; pop `a`, pop `b`, then push `a + b`
    - `-`: subtractions; pop `a`, pop `b`, then push `b - a`
    - `*`: multiplication; pop `a`, pop `b`, then push `a * b`
    - `/`: integer division; pop `a`, pop `b`, than push `b / a`
    - `%`: modulo operation; pop `a`, pop `b`, than push `b % a`
- logical operations:
    - `!`: logical NOP; pop a `value` if the `value = 0`, push 1, otherwice push `0`
    - "\`": greater then; pop `a` and `b`, then push 1 if `b>a`, otherwise `0`
- output instrucitons
    - `.`: pop value and output it as an integer followed by a space
    - `,`; pop value and output it as ASCII character
- digits `0-9`: push the encountered number on the stack
- `"`: start string mode; push each charachter's ASCII value all the wayup to the next `"`
- ` `: (whitespace character): empty instruction; does nothing.
- `@`: end program; the program output should be returned then

If the stack is empty and it is necessary to pop a value, no excectuion is raised; instead, 0 isproduced.

# Example

for 

```
program = [
    "               v",
    "v  ,,,,,"Hello"<",
    ">48*,          v",
    ""!dlroW",,,,,,v>",
    "25*,@         > "
]
```

the output should be `befunge93(program) = "Hello World!\n"

*Not, that in the test tab you will see a `\` as an escape symbol before each `"`.*

Here is how the program is executed^

- the program starts executing at the top left corner, doing nothing accrodginto the ` ` command until it meets the `v` command, whick makes the instrution direct it downward.
- the `<` makes it go to left;
- the `"` starts the string mode; "Hello" is pushed backwars on the stack;
- six `,` simpos produce the "Hello" word, empty the stack;
- since the `v` symbol is enountered, the third line starts executing;
- `4` and `8` are pushed on the stack; the `*` operator pops them, multiplies and puts the result (`4 * 8 = 32`) back on the stack;
- the `,` operator produces the charcter wth the ASCI value of `32`, with is a whitespace character;
- all the empty (` `) instuctions are then executed, untill the `v` command is encountered, then the four lines starts to execute;
- he `>` command forces instruction to the rightto execute; since there is a border to the right, the leftmost instruction in the fourth line is executed next;
- anothe string `"` mode starts, which pushes `"World!"` backwars on the stack;
- next, the `,` commands ouput the `"World!"` string;
- the `v` commmand moeves command execution to the next line;
- the `>` command moves comman execution to the very beginning of the fiftheline.
- 2 * 5 = 10 ispushed on the stack, and roduced as a character `\n`
- finally, `@` finishes the program exectuion.

# Input/Output

- **[exectuion time limit] 4 seconds (rb)**
- **[input] array.string program**

Array of string of an equl length, represtnging a courrect program written in teh Befunge-93 dialect. It is guaranteed the program will not fail becaou of division by zeor.

*guarnteed consraints:*

`1 <= program.length <= 10`
`1 <= program[0].length <= 100`
`program[i].length = program[0].length`

**[output] string**

- The ouput of the `program` after
- the progrma hits the `@` command;
- the program exrcutes `10**5` commands;
- the program oupt contains `1000` symbols;
or whichever comes first.






