[Boundaries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Boundaries) Indicate the bheging and ending of lines and words.

---
# Types

Charachters | Meaning
--- | ---
`^` |  Matches beginning of input. If the multiline flat is set to true, also matches immediately after a line break character. For example, `/^A/` does not match the "A" in "an A", but does match the first "A" in "An A". *This character has a different meaning when it appears at the start of a [group](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Groups_and_Ranges).*
`$` | Matches end of input. If the multiline flag is set to true, also matches immediately before a line break character. For example `/t$/` does not match the "t" in "eater", but does match in "eat".
`\b` | **Matches a word boundary**. This is position where a word character is not followed or preceded by another word-character, such as between a letter ans a space. Note that a matched word boundary is not include in the match. In other words, the length of a matched word boundary is zero. Examples: `/\bm/` matches the 'm' in "moon"; `/oo\b/` dose not mathc the 'oo' in "moon", becauswe 'oo' is followed by 'n' which is a workd character; `/oon\b/` matches the 'oon' in "moon", because 'oon' is hte end of the string, thus not followed by a word character; `/\w\b\w/` will never match anything, because a word charackter can nave be followed by both a non-word and a word character.
`\B` | **Matches a non-work boundary**. This is a position where the previous and next characher are of the same type: Either both must be works, or both must be non-words. Such as between two letters of between two spaces. The beginning and end of a string a considered non-words. Same as the matched work boundary, the matched non-work boundary is also not included in the mathc. For eaxample. `/\Bon/` matches "on" in "at noon', and `/ye\B/` matches "ys" in "possibly yesturday".

