# Some test.


## Leetcode 836.

```Ruby
# Leetcode: 836. Rectangle Overlap.
# https://leetcode.com/problems/rectangle-overlap/
# @param {Integer[]} rec1
# @param {Integer[]} rec2
# @return {Boolean}
def is_rectangle_overlap(rec1, rec2)
    ax1,ax2,ay1,ay2 = rec1
    bx1,bx2,by1,by2 = rec2
    vert = ax1 <= bx2 &&  bx1 <= ax2
    horz = ay1 <= by1 && by2 <= ay2
    return false if !(vert && horz)
    ([by2,ay1].max - [ay1,by2].max)*([bx2,ax1].max - [ax1,bx2].max) > 0
    
end
```
## Some tests.

Given an integer n and an array a of length n, your task is to apply the following mutation to a:

Array a mutates into a new array b of length n.
For each i from 0 to n - 1, b[i] = a[i - 1] + a[i] + a[i + 1].
If some element in the sum a[i - 1] + a[i] + a[i + 1] does not exist, it should be set to 0. For example, b[0] should be equal to 0 + a[0] + a[1].
Example

For n = 5 and a = [4, 0, 1, -2, 3], the output should be mutateTheArray(n, a) = [4, 5, -1, 2, 1].

b[0] = 0 + a[0] + a[1] = 0 + 4 + 0 = 4
b[1] = a[0] + a[1] + a[2] = 4 + 0 + 1 = 5
b[2] = a[1] + a[2] + a[3] = 0 + 1 + (-2) = -1
b[3] = a[2] + a[3] + a[4] = 1 + (-2) + 3 = 2
b[4] = a[3] + a[4] + 0 = (-2) + 3 + 0 = 1
So, the resulting array after the mutation will be [4, 5, -1, 2, 1].

```Ruby
def mutateTheArray(n, a)
    prv = 0
    (0...a.size).each do |i|
        tmp = a[i]
        nxt = i < a.size - 1 ? a[i+1] : 0
        a[i] = a[i] + prv + nxt
        prv = tmp
    end
    a
end

```

You are given two arrays of integers a and b of the same length, and an integer k. We will be iterating through array a from left to right, and simultaneously through array b from right to left, and looking at pairs (x, y), where x is from a and y is from b. Such a pair is called tiny if the concatenation xy is strictly less than k.

Your task is to return the number of tiny pairs that you'll encounter during the simultaneous iteration through a and b.

Example

For a = [1, 2, 3], b = [1, 2, 3], and k = 31, the output should be
countTinyPairs(a, b, k) = 2.

We're considering the following pairs during iteration:

(1, 3). Their concatenation equals 13, which is less than 31, so the pair is tiny;
(2, 2). Their concatenation equals 22, which is less than 31, so the pair is tiny;
(3, 1). Their concatenation equals 31, which is not less than 31, so the pair is not tiny.
As you can see, there are 2 tiny pairs during the iteration, so the answer is 2.

For a = [16, 1, 4, 2, 14], b = [7, 11, 2, 0, 15], and k = 743, the output should be
countTinyPairs(a, b, k) = 4.

We're considering the following pairs during iteration:

(16, 15). Their concatenation equals 1615, which is greater than 743, so the pair is not tiny;
(1, 0). Their concatenation equals 10, which is less than 743, so the pair is tiny;
(4, 2). Their concatenation equals 42, which is less than 743, so the pair is tiny.
(2, 11). Their concatenation equals 211, which is less than 743, so the pair is tiny;
(14, 7). Their concatenation equals 147, which is less than 743, so the pair is tiny.
There are 4 tiny pairs during the iteration, so the answer is 4.

```Ruby
def countTinyPairs(a, b, k)
    a.zip(b.reverse).select{|(x,y)| "#{x}#{y}".to_i < k}.size
end
```
You are given an array of arrays a. Your task is to group the arrays a[i] by their mean values, so that arrays with equal mean values are in the same group, and arrays with different mean values are in different groups.

Each group should contain a set of indices (i, j, etc), such that the corresponding arrays (a[i], a[j], etc) all have the same mean. Return the set of groups as an array of arrays, where the indices within each group are sorted in ascending order, and the groups are sorted in ascending order of their minimum element.

Example

For

a = [[3, 3, 4, 2],
     [4, 4],
     [4, 0, 3, 3],
     [2, 3],
     [3, 3, 3]]
the output should be

meanGroups(a) = [[0, 4],
                 [1],
                 [2, 3]]
mean(a[0]) = (3 + 3 + 4 + 2) / 4 = 3;
mean(a[1]) = (4 + 4) / 2 = 4;
mean(a[2]) = (4 + 0 + 3 + 3) / 4 = 2.5;
mean(a[3]) = (2 + 3) / 2 = 2.5;
mean(a[4]) = (3 + 3 + 3) / 3 = 3.
There are three groups of means: those with mean 2.5, 3, and 4. And they form the following groups:

Arrays with indices 0 and 4 form a group with mean 3;
Array with index 1 forms a group with mean 4;
Arrays with indices 2 and 3 form a group with mean 2.5.
Note that neither

meanGroups(a) = [[0, 4],
                 [2, 3],
                 [1]]
nor

meanGroups(a) = [[0, 4],
                 [1],
                 [3, 2]]
will be considered as a correct answer:

In the first case, the minimal element in the array at index 2 is 1, and it is less then the minimal element in the array at index 1, which is 2.
In the second case, the array at index 2 is not sorted in ascending order.

```Ruby
def meanGroups(a)
    # Each array transformed in array of two elements.
    arr = a.map.with_index{|x,i| [x.sum/x.size.to_f,i]}
    # Now n rows of array by two elements.
    h = arr.group_by{|x| x[0]}.values
    # Now need to transfrom each row in array of idices.
    h = h.map{|x| x.map{|y| y[1]}.sort }
    # Now need to sort the array itself.
    h.sort_by{|x| x[0]}
end

```

Given an array of positive integers a, your task is to calculate the sum of every possible a[i] ∘ a[j], where a[i] ∘ a[j] is the concatenation of the string representations of a[i] and a[j] respectively.

Example

For a = [10, 2], the output should be concatenationsSum(a) = 1344.

a[0] ∘ a[0] = 10 ∘ 10 = 1010,
a[0] ∘ a[1] = 10 ∘ 2 = 102,
a[1] ∘ a[0] = 2 ∘ 10 = 210,
a[1] ∘ a[1] = 2 ∘ 2 = 22.
So the sum is equal to 1010 + 102 + 210 + 22 = 1344.

For a = [8], the output should be concatenationsSum(a) = 88.

There is only one number in a, and a[0] ∘ a[0] = 8 ∘ 8 = 88, so the answer is 88.

Input/Output

[execution time limit] 4 seconds (rb)

[input] array.integer a

A non-empty array of positive integers.

Guaranteed constraints:
1 ≤ a.length ≤ 105,
1 ≤ a[i] ≤ 106.

[output] integer64

The sum of all a[i] ∘ a[j]s. It's guaranteed that the answer is less than 253.


```Ruby
def concatenationsSum(a)
    x = a.sum
    y = a.sum{|x| 10**(Math.log10(x).to_i + 1)}
    a.sum{|z| z*y + x}
end
```