
- https://gist.github.com/lbvf50mobile/ef7a3345b7e6a7e1864af760774956f5

**Go: Two DFS.**

1. Start first DFS. It gets a number of nodes in each sub tree, and sum of all
   depths.
2. Sum of all depths is answer for the root.
3. Start second DFS. It calculates the answer for rest of nodes. Moving to the
   next node starting to look at the tree from that's node perspecitve. Modify
   the parent answer. 
4. The paths for the nodes subtree DECREASED (smaller). 
5. The paths forthe rest of the three increased.

So.

- `pAns` - parent's answer.
- `w` - weight for the node's subtree (number of nodes)
- `n` - to total number of nodes.

`pAns + (-w) + (n-w)` - answer for the node. Where `(-w)` it is decresing path
for node's subtree inclusive. `(n-w)` increasing path for the rest of the
tree.

Total: `ans = pAns + n - 2*w`.



Some commets to DBabichev:

- https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-distances-in-tree/discuss/1443467/Python-2-dfs-solution-explained/2374533

Explanation is delightful. One typo dose not play any sense.

The Idea is clear.

When moving to a next node. Start to look at the tree's world from the nodes point of view..

1. For node subtree (inclusive) distances decreased. Become smaller.
2. For rest of the tree distances increased. Become bigger.

Sum of all depths is the answer for the root.
Thank you!

- https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-distances-in-tree/discuss/1443467/Python-2-dfs-solution-explained/2374527


Error in the Description (code is correct):
```
because when we moved from node to neib not a lot changed: 
for weights[neib] number of nodes distanced increased by 1 
and 
for N - weights[neib] number of nodes distances decreased by 1.
```
Must be:
because when we moved from node to neib not a lot changed: for weights[neib] number of nodes distanced **decreased** by 1, and for N - weights[neib] number of nodes distances in **increased** by 1.

Explanation:
w - path sum.
weights[neib] - number of nodes in sub tree.
N - number of nodes.
`for weights[neib] number of nodes distanced increased by 1` means `+weigts[neib]`
` N - weights[neib] number of nodes distances decreased by 1.`  means `- (N-weights[neib])`
Eventually: ` w + weights[neib] - (N - weights[neib]) = w + 2*weights[neib] - N` <= **ERROR**.

But.
If move from root 0 to 1.
Decreased only for  1. (- weights[1])
Increased for rest of the tree `(+ N - weight[1])`
Eventually: `w -weights[neib] + N - weights[neib] = w + N- 2*weights[neib]` <= **Correct**.

