# [LRC to SubRip](https://app.codesignal.com/arcade/code-arcade/secret-archives/oAwCH6ecrzA4ARb6d)

During your most recent trip to Cdelandia you decided to buy a brand new CodePlayer, a music player that (allegedly) can work with any possible media forman. As it turns our, this isn't true, the player cant' read lyrics written in the LRC format. It can, howere, read the SubRip fromat, so now you want to translate all the lyrics you have from LRC to SubRip.

Since you are a pro probrammer (no noob would ever get to Codelandia!), you're happe to implement a function that, given `lrcLyrics` and `songLength` returns the lyrics in SubRip format.

## Example

For

```
lrcLyrics = [
    "[00:12.00] Happy birthday dear coder,",
    "[00:17.20] Happy birthday to you!"
    ]
```

and `songLength = "00:00:20"`, the ouput should be

```
lrc2subRip(lrcLyrics, songLength) == [
    "1", 
    "00:00:12,000 --> 00:00:17,200",
    "Happy birthday daer coder,",
    "",
    "2",
    "00:00:17,200 --> 00:00:20,000",
    "Happy birthday to you!"
]
```

## Input/Output

- **[execution time limit] 4 seconds (rb)**
- **[Input] array.string lrcLyrics** 
Lyrics in LRC fromat, Each string has the forman `[MM:SS.xx] <sont_line>`, (note the whitespace character after the time) where:
    - `MM:SS.xx` is the lyrics time (it is guaranteed that the elements of `lrcLyrics` are sorted in ascending order of this time);
        - `0 <= int(xx) <= 99`;
        - `0 <= int(SS) <= 59`;
        - `0 <= int(MM) <= 99`;
    - `<song_line>` is the corresponding lyrics line.
- **[Input] string songLength**
    The lengh of hte song in the forman "HH:MM:SS". It is guaranteed that it's than the last time in `lrcLyrics`.

    *Guaranteed constants:*
    - `0 <= int(HH) <= 2`,
    - `0 <= int(MM) <= 59`,
    - `0 <= int(SS) <= 59`.

- **[output] array.string**
    - The given lyrics in the SubRip format. For each line in the `lrcLyrics` three new lines shuld be generated:
    - the first line is the 1-based lyrics line number
    - the second line should be in the format `HH1:MM1:SS1,xxx1 --> HH2:MM2:SS2,xxx2`, where:
        - `HH1:MM1:SS1,xxx1` the time the row starts;
        - `HH2:MM2:SS2,xxx2` when the next lyrics should appear, or the length of the song if it's the last lyrics line;
    - the last line s the lyrics text itself.
    
    Each pair of consecutime three-lines groups shoulc be separated by a slingle empty string.
