# Leetcode: 954. Array of Doubled Pairs.

- https://gist.github.com/lbvf50mobile/67774047715c3ea5db5144411cfcee14
- https://leetcode.com/problems/array-of-doubled-pairs/discuss/1753130/Ruby%3A-Flat-pairs-array-absolute-values-sort-first-elements-stay-first.

**Ruby: Flat pairs array, absolute values sort, first elements stay first.**


**Important:** Array must be sorted by an absolute value!  

In this task need to check to do it is possible to split an array into an array of pairs by some rule. This rule is described in the description, I would not spend time on it here. The key concept is that the first element of the pairs is always less than the second element of the pair (even if an element is 0). And the pairs a distinct not contiguous, the last element of a pair is not the first element of another one.

So if sort elements of an array first elements of pair always would be first, before the second ones. Even if there are a set of duplicate pairs, the second parts would be after the first ones. And if reduce the amount of the frist element in the counter structure and the second element as well when it going to be the time of the second elements in sorted arrays their amount must be zero.

This gives some rules:

1. If the amount of element is zero just skip the check. It is exhausted second element of a pair.
2. If the amount is less than zero return false. Some element is without pair.
3. And if an element is not zero it must be doubled in a counter hash. If not return false.

That's all. Let's try.

**Note:** Code is slightly different, but the core principles are the same.

Ruby code:
```Ruby
# Leetcode: 954. Array of Doubled Pairs.
# https://leetcode.com/problems/array-of-doubled-pairs/
# = = = = = = =
# Accepted.
# Thanks God!
# = = = = = = =
# Runtime: 662 ms, faster than 50.00% of Ruby online submissions for Array of Doubled Pairs.
# Memory Usage: 221.9 MB, less than 50.00% of Ruby online submissions for Array of Doubled Pairs.
# @param {Integer[]} arr
# @return {Boolean}
def can_reorder_doubled(arr)
  return false if arr.size.odd?
  arr = arr.sort_by{|x| x.abs}
  counter = arr.each_with_object(Hash.new){|e,o| o[e]||=0; o[e]+=1;}
  arr.each do |el|
    next if 0 == counter[el]
    return false if ! counter[el*2]
    return false if counter[el*2] <= 0
    counter[el] -= 1
    counter[el*2] -= 1
  end
  true
end
```
