# The magic of STREAMS in Linux. When to finish?

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56406603/the-magic-of-streams-in-linux-when-to-finish

Today at 5am I read an article about `read` system call. And things become significantly clear for me. 

```
 ssize_t read(int fd, void *buf, size_t count);
```

The construction of `*nix` like operation system become  amazing in it's simplicity. File interface for any entity, just ask to write some date from this `fd` interface into some memory by `*buf` pointer. All the same for network, files, streams.

But some question appears. 
**How to distinguish two cases?: 
1) Stream is empty need to wait for new data. 2) Stream is closed need to close program.**

Here is a scenario: 

 - Reading data from `STDIN` in loop, this `STDIN` redirected by `pipe`.
 - some `text_data` appears
 - just read bite by bite until what `EOF` in memory, or `0` as result of `read` call?
 - How program will understand: **wait for a new input, or exit?**

This is unclear. In case of `endless` or `continuous` streams.

**UPD** After speak with @Bailey Kocin and reading some docs I have this understanding.  Fix me if I'm wrong.

 - `read` holds the program execution and waits for `count` amount of bites.
 - When `count` amount of bites appears `read` writes it into `buf` and execution continues.
 - When `stream` is closed `read` returns `0`, and it is a signal that program may be finished.

**Question** Do `EOF` appears in `buf`?

**UPD2** `EOF` is a constant that can be in the output of `getc` function
```
     while (ch != EOF)     { 
        /* display contents of file on screen */ 
        putchar(ch);  
      
        ch = getc(fp);   
     }
```
But in case of `read` the `EOF` value dose not appears in a `buf`. `read` system call signalize about file ending by returning `0`. Instead of writing `EOF` constant into the `data-area`, as like ak in case of `getc`.

`EOF` is a constant that vary in different systems. And it used for `getc`.

-----

Well. Yes it does but it will block the calling process/thread until it gets data or error out!
  
It's called blocking IO [Bailey Kocin](https://stackoverflow.com/users/6226201/bailey-kocin)


Read latedev.wordpress.com/2012/12/04/all-about-eof for lots of details about end of file and what it means [Shawn](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9952196/shawn)


 
